===first-line===
You have freedom here. The only guide is your heart. We can always carry this a step further. There's really no end to this. I really recommend you use odorless thinner or your spouse is gonna run you right out into the yard and you'll be working by yourself.

Let's give him a friend too. Everybody needs a friend. Follow the lay of the land. It's most important. Only eight colors that you need. Now we can begin working on lots of happy little things. Even the worst thing we can do here is good.

Let's do it again then, what the heck. Everything's not great in life, but we can still find beauty in it. Use what happens naturally, don't fight it. How do you make a round circle with a square knife? That's your challenge for the day. These little son of a guns hide in your brush and you just have to push them out.

If it's not what you want - stop and change it. Don't just keep going and expect it will get better. Let all these things just sort of happen. As trees get older they lose their chlorophyll. So often we avoid running water, and running water is a lot of fun. And just raise cain. You don't have to be crazy to do this but it does help.

This is a happy place, little squirrels live here and play. We'll do another happy little painting. Exercising the imagination, experimenting with talents, being creative; these things, to me, are truly the windows to your soul. Just make a decision and let it go. A tree needs to be your friend if you're going to paint him.

Nothing wrong with washing your brush. What the devil. Fluff that up.

Nature is so fantastic, enjoy it. Let it make you happy. We'll make some happy little bushes here. Isn't it fantastic that you can change your mind and create all these happy things?

Nice little clouds playing around in the sky. I'm sort of a softy, I couldn't shoot Bambi except with a camera. We artists are a different breed of people. We're a bunch.
We don't make mistakes we just have happy little accidents. There it is.
If I paint something, I don't want to have to explain what it is. Don't be afraid to make these big decisions. Once you start, they sort of just make themselves.
Don't hurry. Take your time and enjoy.
You can't make a mistake. Anything that happens you can learn to use - and make something beautiful out of it. The least little bit can do so much.

Everyone needs a friend. Friends are the most valuable things in the world.
I like to beat the brush. This is unplanned it really just happens.
Making all those little fluffies that live in the clouds.

With practice comes confidence. It's almost like something out of a fairytale book. You can get away with a lot.
Let's build some happy little clouds up here. We'll make some happy little bushes here.

If we're gonna walk though the woods, we need a little path.
In this world, everything can be happy. If you hypnotize it, it will go away.
Let your heart be your guide.

Little trees and bushes grow however makes them happy. If there's two big trees invariably sooner or later there's gonna be a little tree. This is probably the greatest thing that's ever happened in my life.
Let the paint work. All you have to learn here is how to have fun.

I think there's an artist hidden in the bottom of every single one of us. No worries. No cares.

Even trees need a friend. We all need friends. We artists are a different breed of people. We're a happy bunch. Go out on a limb - that's where the fruit is. Now it's beginning to make a little sense.

Give him a friend, we forget the trees get lonely too. You better get your coat out, this is going to be a cold painting. I really believe that if you practice enough you could paint the 'Mona Lisa' with a two-inch brush. It's life. It's interesting. It's fun.

This is an example of what you can do with just a few things, a little imagination and a happy dream in your heart. See. We take the corner of the brush and let it play back-and-forth. We touch the canvas, the canvas takes what it wants. Let's put some happy little bushes on the other side now.

There are no mistakes. You can fix anything that happens. Don't fiddle with it all day. Maybe, just to play a little, we'll put a little tree here. You have to allow the paint to break to make it beautiful. And just raise cain. It's a very cold picture, I may have to go get my coat. It’s about to freeze me to death.

Absolutely no pressure. You are just a whisper floating across a mountain. But we're not there yet, so we don't need to worry about it. In your world you can create anything you desire. Pretend you're water. Just floating without any effort. Having a good day. The very fact that you're aware of suffering is enough reason to be overjoyed that you're alive and can experience it.

This is probably the greatest thing that's ever happened in my life. Be brave. Very easy to work these to death.

The first step to doing anything is to believe you can do it. See it finished in your mind before you ever start. Once you learn the technique, ohhh! Turn you loose on the world; you become a tiger. The man who does the best job is the one who is happy at his job. We don't need any guidelines or formats. All we need to do is just let it flow right out of us.

===last-line===